Abstract:- We konw that a class is a model for creating the objects. A class contains description of properties or variables and actions or
		 methods of its objects.If an object has the properties and actions as mentioned in the class, then that object belongs to the class.
		 The rule is that any thing is written in the class is applicable to all of its objects. If a method is wrritten in the class, it is available 
		 as it is to all of the class objects.
		 For example, take a class Myclass that contains method calculate () that calculates square value of a given number. If we create three object
		 to this class, alLthe three objects get the copy of this method and hence, from any object, we can call and use this method.
		 
Abstraction:-Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation details and showing only functionality to the user.Another way, it shows only important
        things to the user and hides the internal details for example sending sms, you just type the text and send the message. You don't know the internal
		processing about the message delivery.Abstraction lets you focus on what the object does instead of how it does it.

Ways to achieve Abstaction:-There are two ways to achieve abstraction in java

Abstract class (0 to 100%)
Interface (100%)
		 
Abstract class:-A class that is declared with abstract keyword, is known as abstract class in java. It can have abstract and non-abstract methods
		 (method with body).A class that is declared as abstract is known as abstract class. It needs to be extended and its method implemented.
		 It cannot be instantiated.	 An abstract class IS a class that generally contains some abstract methods. Both the abstract class and the abstract
		 methods should be declared by using that word 'abstract'.
		 abstract class A{} 

Abstract method:-A method that is declared as abstract and does not have implementation is known as abstract method.An abstract method does not contain any body.
         It contain only header od method.It is an incomplete method.
		 abstract void printStatus();
		 
Understanding the real scenario of abstract class:-In this example, Shape is the abstract class, its implementation is provided by the Rectangle and Circle classes.
		Mostly, we don't know about the implementation class (i.e. hidden to the end user) and object of the implementation class is provided by the factory method.
		A factory method is the method that returns the instance of the class. We will learn about the factory method later.