1. try block:-The programmer should observe the statements in his program where there- may be a possibility of exceptions. Such statements should
	be written inside a try block.The greatness of try block is that even if some exception arises inside it,- the program will not be
terminated. When JVM understands that there is an exception, it stores the exception details in an exception stack and then jumps into a catch block.

	try{
	statements;}
	
2. catch bolck:-The programmer should write the Catch block where he.should display the exception details. to the user. This helps the user to understand that
	there is some error in the program. The programmer should also display a message regarding what can be done to avoid this error. Catch looks looks like as 
	
	catch(Exceptionclass ref){
	statements;}
	
	The reference ref above is automatically adjusted to refer to the exception stack where the details of the exception are available
	
finally block:-The specialty of finally block is that the statements inside finally block the are execute irrespective of whether there is an exception or not.

catch multiple exceptions:-there is _possibility of more than one exception present in the program. In this case, the programmer should write multiple
 catch blocks to handle each one of them.
 
 Nested try block:-The try block within a try block is known as nested try block in java.Sometimes a situation may arise where a part of a block may cause one
	error and the entire block itself may cause another error. In such cases, exception handlers have to be nested.
	
	An exception can be handled using try, catch, and finally blocks.
	It is possible to handle m~ltiple exceptions using multiple catch blocks.
 	Even though there is possibility for several exceptions in try block, at a time only one exception will be raised.
	A single try block Can be followed by several catch blocks.
 	We cannot write a catch without a try block, but we can write a try without any catch block.
	It is not possible to insert some statements between try and catch.
 	It is possible to write a try block within another try. They are called nested try blocks.
	
 finally block:-Java finally block is a block that is used to execute important code such as closing connection, stream etc. Java finally block is always 
	executed whether exception is handled or not.Finally block in java can be used to put "cleanup" code such as closing a file, closing connection etc.
	
throw exception:-Even if the programmer is not handling runtime exceptions, the Java compiler will not give any error related to runtime exceptions.
    But the rule is that the programmer should handle checked exceptions. In case the programmer does not want to handle the checked exceptions, he should
    throw them out using throws clause. Otherwise, there will be an error flagged by Java compiler.

throw keyword:-The Java throw keyword is used to explicitly throw an exception. We can throw either checked or uncheked exception in java by throw keyword.
	The throw keyword is mainly used to throw custom exception.
	
	throw new IOException("sorry device error);  