super:-The Keyword 'super':-If we create an object to super class, we can access only the super class members, but not the
class members. But if we create sub class object, all the members of both super and sub classes available to it.
This is the reason, we always create an object to sub class in inheritance. times, the super class members and sub class members may have same names.
In that case,default only sub class members are accessible.
However, there will be times when you will want to create a superclass that keeps the details of its implementation to itself (that is,
that keeps its data members private).In this case, there would be no way for a subclass to directly access or initialize these variables
on its own. Since encapsulation is a primary attribute of OOP, it is not surprising that Java provides a solution to this problem. Whenever
a subclass needs to refer to its immediate superclass, it can do so by use of the keyword super.
super has two general forms. The first calls the superclass’ constructor. The second is used to access a member of the superclass that has
 been hidden by a member of a subclass.
 
The super keyword in java is a reference variable that is used to refer immediate parent class object.
Whenever you create the instance of subclass, an instance of parent class is created implicitly i.e. referred by super reference variable.

Usage of java super Keyword

super is used to refer immediate parent class instance variable.
super() is used to invoke immediate parent class constructor.
super is used to invoke immediate parent class method.

2) super is used to invoke parent class constructor.

As we know well that default constructor is provided by compiler automatically but it also adds super() for the first statement.If you are creating your own
constructor and you don't have either this() or super() as the first statement, compiler will provide super() as the first statement of the constructor.

3) super can be used to invoke parent class method

The super keyword can also be used to invoke parent class method. It should be used in case subclass contains the same method as parent class
In the above example Student and Person both classes have message() method if we call message() method from Student class, it will call the message()
method of Student class not of Person class because priority is given to local.In case there is no method in subclass as parent, there is no need to use super.
 In the example given below message() method is invoked from Student class but Student class does not have message() method, so you can directly call message() method.