Constructors:-A constructor initializes an object immediately upon creation. It has the same name as the
			  class in which it resides and is syntactically similar to a method. Once defined, the constructor
              is automatically called immediately after the object is created, before the new operator completes.
              Constructors look a little strange because they have no return type, not even void.
			  A constructor is similar to a method that is used to initialize the instance variables. The sole purpose
			  of a constructor is to initialize the instance variables.
			  Constructor in java is a special type of method that is used to initialize the object.
			  Java constructor is invoked at the time of object creation. It constructs the values i.e. provides data for 
			  the object that is why it is known as constructor.

Rules for creating java constructor:-There are basically two rules defined for the constructor.

1. Constructor name must be same as its class name
2. Constructor must have no explicit return type

Person(){
}//This is constructor of class type Person

Types of java constructors:-There are two types of constructors:

1. Default constructor (no-arg constructor)
2. Parameterized constructor

1. Default Constructor:-A constructor that have no parameter is known as default constructor.

*A constructor is automatically called and executed at the time of creating an object. While
creating an _object, if nothing is passed to, the object, the default constructor is called and
executed.If-some values are passed to the object, then the parameterized constructor is called.

2. parameterized constructor:-A constructor that have parameters is known as parameterized constructor.

Why use parameterized constructor?:-Parameterized constructor is used to provide different values to the distinct objects.

Constructor Overloading in Java:-Constructor overloading is a technique in Java in which a class can have any number of constructors
			that differ in parameter lists.The compiler differentiates these constructors by taking into account the number of parameters
			in the list and their type.
			
Using Objects as Parameters:-So far, we have only been using simple types as parameters to methods. However, it is both
correct and common to pass objects to methods.

Difference between constructor and method in java

			Java Constructor								Java Method
1.Constructor is used to initialize the state of an object.			Method is used to expose behaviour of an object.
2.Constructor must not have return type.								Method must have return type.
3.Constructor is invoked implicitly.									Method is invoked explicitly.
4.The java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't		           Method is not provided by compiler in any case.
 have any constructor.	
5.Constructor name must be same as the class name.					Method name may or may not be same as class name.

Java Copy Constructor:-There is no copy constructor in java. But, we can copy the values of one object to another like copy constructor in C++.
					   There are many ways to copy the values of one object into another in java. They are:

1. By constructor
2. By assigning the values of one object into another
3. By clone() method of Object class

Copying values without constructor:-We can copy the values of one object into another by assigning the objects values to another object. In this case,
					there is no need to create the constructor.

