Access Modifiers:-We have seen that any class and its members within a package should be declared as public.The only the class and its members will
be available for use outside the package. Let us discuss exact what difference is there among various access specifiers in Java.
There are two types of modifiers in java: access modifiers and non-access modifiers.The access modifiers in java specifies accessibility (scope) of a 
data member, method, constructor or class.

There are 4 types of java access modifiers:

private
default
protected
public

There are many non-access modifiers such as static, abstract, synchronized, native, volatile, transient etc.

1) private access modifier:-The private access modifier is accessible only within class.
2) default access modifier:-If you don't use any modifier, it is treated as default bydefault. The default modifier is accessible only within package.
3) protected access modifier:-The protected access modifier is accessible within package and outside the package but through inheritance only.
The protected access modifier can be applied on the data member, method and constructor. It can't be applied on the class.
4) public access modifier:-The public access modifier is accessible everywhere. It has the widest scope among all other modifiers.

Access Modifier	    within class    within package	 outside package by subclass only	outside package
Private	                    Y	          N	                    N	                         N
Default	                    Y	          Y	                    N	                         N
Protected	            Y	          Y	                    Y	                         N
Public	                    Y	          Y	                    Y	                         Y


Encapulcation:-Encapsulation in java is a process of wrapping code and data together into a single unit, for example capsule i.e. mixed of several medicines.
We can create a fully encapsulated class in java by making all the data members of the class private. Now we can use setter and getter methods to set and get
the data in it.The Java Bean class is the example of fully encapsulated class.

Advantage of Encapsulation in java:-By providing only setter or getter method, you can make the class read-only or write-only.
